RID assets breaking change (#35710)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/deployment/8.0/rid-asset-list.md

## Previous behavior

Previously, the process for selecting RID-specific assets was:

1. Read the RID graph from the *.deps.json* file of the root framework (Microsoft.NetCore.App).
1. Compute the current RID at run time and try to find an entry for it in the RID graph. If it doesn't exist, check for a fallback RID (built into the host at compile time).
1. Starting from the entry found in the RID graph, look for assets matching that RID.
1. Continue down the list of RIDs in the RID graph entry until an asset match is found or the list ends.

If the RID graph didn't have the computed RID or the fallback RID, RID assets weren't properly resolved.

## New behavior

By default, the process no longer relies on the RID graph. Instead, it checks for a known set of portable RIDs based on how the host was built. For example:

Linux

- linux-x64
- linux
- unix-x64
- unix
- any

Windows

- win-x64
- win
- any

macOS

- osx-x64
- osx
- unix-x64
- unix

> For non-portable builds of the host/runtime, the build might also set a non-portable RID that is checked first.

Author: ```suggestion
For non-portable builds of the host or runtime, the build might also set a non-portable RID that's checked first.
```
